let's crop on this with my cannon you
see 900 and her video recorder which has
been in our family since about 1997 so
it's quite out to mock you film new with
this because this stereo which is my
latest pickup was in our house at the
same time and I own do this model stereo
be Panasonic our xct 810 between 94 99
so these two these two items would have
been in our house at the same time so
I'll show you what I got
I apologize you're fast if the quality
is a bit bad on this but I think it'll
be worth it just sort of a charm so
you'll probably there came with the
operating instructions and we've used a
box onto a couple of Polly's in the
bottom as well so yeah apologies for
folks on this it's been it's slower than
the model stuff so there's the beast
so it's a got twin tape deck Scott
graphic equalizer see there 5n graphic
equalizer it's got a radio it's got FM
long wave medium wave short wave removal
side speakers doing pretty simple stuff
it does give that a nice sound both tape
decks work which is good because that's
the reason I got rid of mine back in 99
I broke both tape decks I was a bit
rough with them and they both broke so
this is in really nice condition when I
got it was covered in stickers by far
probably a white spit on them removed
more it also plastered here on the
speakers yeah but it's really nice
condition you got a spot there for a
microphones blanked off a headphone
socket there recording in debt one down
the left take twos for playback so just
got to speak a slot on the size of the
moment they it can be removed for the
aerial on the back there got audio in
there for CD you stop a Phillips CD
player connected to this there's no
button CD player you got sour holes
there for wall mounting the speakers
battery compartment now we'll run our
batteries the aerials will connected
there on the back
model number there yes it'd be some
really nice condition it cost me my 20
quid it's really nicely this come with
its original box which is something you
don't really get to see these days not
only people kept sir boxes stereos so
yeah really really pleased to get this
one with a manual as well 20 quid so we
keep this in my little corner of my what
is really my games are in but sort of a
spare room in a moment so I'll be
connecting this up to well through a CD
player playing a bit bit music for get
my old tapes out the left
luckily I've still got my original tapes
in the 1990s I used to plan this so I'm
really you know starting time plane and
back for the actual system so I'm not
sure this sort of work goes through this
old Canon camcorder recording onto a 8
millimeter Tek tape it might look awful
I mean if there's a bit of crackling the
bottom the screen please and ignore it
there's no tracking on these things
unless you alter starting around with
the tape guide heads and things is it's
not really going to improve and that's
not somehow what you want to do opening
it up your pony end up killing it so
yeah that's my panasonic RX e t8 1-0
portable